[MM-33]: Added the test cases for the tooltip upon hovering the cursor over the issue link in the channel or DM/GM on MM. (#24)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/jira/miscellaneous/cloud/Tooltip_over_link.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Tooltip over link is showing correct ticket information on the cloud instance."
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Cloud
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Connect your jira account on you MM account and refresh the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect your jira account with your MM account and refresh the page.
```

> 2. Hover the cursor over any issue link present in any desired channel or DM/GM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hover the cursor over any Jira issue link present in any desired channel or DM/GM.
```

**Step 2**

> 1. Edit the issue whose link is already present in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the issue on Jira whose link is already present in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
```

> 2. Navigate to the channel where the link already exists and refresh the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the channel on MM where the link already exists and refresh the page.
```

3. Hover the cursor over the edited issue link in the desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 3**

> 1. Delete the issue whose link is already present in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the issue on Jira whose link is already present in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
```
